README.md, before:

# DashLinx
 Customizable network dashboard that is optimazed to be used for a browser startpage.  It features customizeable shortcut links and a custom search bar.


## Instalation

To install DashLinx, simply run the following command

```sh <(curl -sS https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AJPNetworks/DashLinx/main/install.sh)```

This will download and run the install script which installs all dependancies and sets everything up the way it should.

## Options

`-t` Will let you customize the Title of the page in the title bar. (Default is DashLinx)

`-b` Will let you customize the Browser tab title in case you want that. (Default is DashLinx)

`-p` Will let you set the port that the server will listen on. (Default is 80) Note: 443 may not work as expected as there is currently no self-signed cert issued to the server

`-P` Will let you specify a set password for the database that is created (Default is a randomly generated string)


## Donate

 This dashboard project was created by AJP Networks as an open source project that may be freely distributed without license.
 I accept donations through PayPal at the following link

 https://paypal.me/kn0t5

Commit message:

v1.2.0 -- Added Config Passwords
This update will require a fresh uninstall and reinstall if its already installed, this is to accommodate for the database structure changes.  In this update, configuration passwords were added to help protect from any unwanted changes.  This is obviously optional and can be added or removed at any time in the new 'Access' tab withing the config menu.

README.md, after:

# DashLinx (version 1.2.0 beta)
 Customizable network dashboard that is optimazed to be used for a browser startpage.  It features customizeable shortcut links and a custom search bar.


## Instalation

To install DashLinx, simply run the following command

```sh <(curl -sS https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AJPNetworks/DashLinx/beta/install.sh)```

This will download and run the install script which installs all dependancies and sets everything up the way it should.

## Options

`-t` Will let you customize the Title of the page in the title bar. (Default is DashLinx)

`-b` Will let you customize the Browser tab title in case you want that. (Default is DashLinx)

`-p` Will let you set the port that the server will listen on. (Default is 80) Note: 443 may not work as expected as there is currently no self-signed cert issued to the server

`-P` Will let you specify a set password for the database that is created (Default is a randomly generated string)

## Disclaimer

This branch is beta and not intended to be stable by any means.  This branch contains all the latest features of this software that have not undergon extensive testing yet.



## Donate

 This dashboard project was created by AJP Networks as an open source project that may be freely distributed without license.
 I accept donations through PayPal at the following link

 https://paypal.me/kn0t5
